## About Me
I'm currently pursuing a masters degree in business analytics at the McCombs School of Business (University of Texas at Austin). I'm looking forward to beginning a career in an analyst or consultant position, combining data science with my background in marketing and research. I strive to integrate creativity and ingenuity in all aspects of my work and personal lives. My interest in business analytics began while pursuing my dual undergraduate degree at Tulane University in marketing (BSM) and psychology (BS). From then on, I've been facinated with the breadth of the applications and possibilities the field offers. During the first six months of McCombs' MSBA program, I have had the pleasure of learning from top-class professors and working with brilliant peers. I've already learned more than I expected to in these past months, and look forward to exploring more as I continue through the program. I hope you find some of the projects I share here interesting!

Outside of my academic life, I enjoy a number of hobbies and creative outlets. Writing and recording music has always been something I love to spend spare time doing. In the past decade I've learned much of the technical ins and outs of different digital audio workstations, I've self taught a range of different instruments, and pushed personal boundaries in what I create. There's a small selection of original tracks on my [Bandcamp](https://birdiebrackett.bandcamp.com/music) and [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/luke-bravo). `fun fact #1: My one taste of viral internet fame was my cover of the Drake and Josh theme song - it's got 100+ thousand streams and still gets plays seven years later, I really couldn't tell you why` Music was also a great way for me to make friends and connect with New Orleans while I was at studying Tulane. Playing with different bands is something I'll always think back fondly on. My favorite ways to enjoy the outdoors are backpacking and mountain biking. I've also been on boats and have fished in rivers, streams, bays, and deep seas for as long as I can remember. I played on my high school's varsity baseball team for five years, including one year when I was in eighth grade, but sadly haven't played in quite some time. `fun fact #2: I'm legally blind in one eye, so my depth perception's a sight worse than it was back then`

Another way I spend my time is doing freelance graphic design and online marketing. It started as an interest in digital art and animation, and has turned into working with a range of clients from cosmetic brands to realtors to restaurants and more. Among some of my recent projects are a websplash [animation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ek0wgk9VUWRlaiWf7jnU-_qcGdtoSgpe/view?usp=sharing) inspired by the "stop-motion", paper *South Park* aesthetic, and a [promo video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15esVUr0t9k5iOIYnLTyKgymPNYb2E9ss/view?usp=sharing) with original music for a mental health app based on machine learning and data mining that I helped work on over the course of almost two years.
